This file describes everything you need to get started developing on the
FlexGen project. If you are interested in how to use FlexGen in your own
project, this file is not intended for you and you should instead use the
documentation available on the FlexGen web site: http://www.flexgen.org/


Overview
========

The FlexGen project includes files that allow you to open the project in
Eclipse and build the project using Ant. It is assumed that you have
these tools available and are comfortable using them. Using these tools
is not required for developing on the FlexGen project if you wish to use
other tools.

If you need any assistance with the instructions in this file, you can
use the FlexGen developers mailing list to get the help you need:
https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/flexgen-devel


Prerequisites
=============

The FlexGen project uses the JUnit library for unit testing and
Checkstyle for ensuring the source code matches the FlexGen coding
conventions. While you are able to build the FlexGen project without
using JUnit and Checkstyle, any contributions to the FlexGen project will
need to be unit tested and conform with the FlexGen coding conventions.


JUnit
=====

You will need to download and install JUnit on your computer. FlexGen
uses version 4.6 of JUnit. You can download JUnit from here:

https://sourceforge.net/project/downloading.php?group_id=15278&filename=junit4.6.zip&a=79745167

Extract JUnit 4.6 to a directory on your computer. We'll call this
directory <JUNIT_HOME>.

To enable FlexGen to use JUnit in Eclipse, you will need to create a
Java user library in Eclipse for Junit. Call the user library
"JUNIT-4.6" and point it to "<JUNIT_HOME>/junit-4.6.jar".

To enable FlexGen to use JUnit in Ant, you will need to create an
environment variable that points to the JUnit Jar. Call the environment
variable "JUNIT_4_6" and set it to "<JUNIT_HOME>/junit-4.6.jar".


Checkstyle
==========

You will need to download and install Checkstyle on your computer.
FlexGen uses version 5.0 of Checkstyle. You can download Checkstyle
here:

https://sourceforge.net/project/downloading.php?group_id=29721&filename=checkstyle-5.0.zip&a=71657525

Extract Checkstyle 5.0 to a directory on your computer. We'll call this
directory <CHECKSTYLE_HOME>.

To enable FlexGen to use Checkstyle in Eclipse, you can use an Eclipse
plug-in for Checkstyle and use the supplied Checkstyle configuration in
the FlexGen project. One such plug-in is "eclipse-cs". Instructions for
installing the plug-in are available here:

http://eclipse-cs.sourceforge.net/

Follow the instructions for installing the plug-in and configuring it to
use the FlexGen Checkstyle configuration.

To enable FlexGen to use Checkstyle in Ant, you will need to create an
environment variable that points to the Checkstyle Jar. Call the
environment variable "CHECKSTYLE_5_0" and set it to
"<CHECKSTYLE_HOME>/checkstyle-all-5.0.jar".


Building
========

To build FlexGen, you can use Ant with the supplied build script. To see
a list of of build options, use "ant usage". You will most likely be
interested in the following build options:

 - jar.main     : Create a Jar of the FlexGen classes.
 - test         : Run the FlexGen tests.
 - run.example  : Run the FlexGen example application.
 - javadoc.user : Generate the FlexGen User Javadoc documentation.
 - checkstyle   : Run Checkstyle on the FlexGen source code.
